# Hi this is my first module
# What this module do?
To enhance multitasking performance, the recommended approach is to transition to a more advanced memory management system known as LMKD, which stands for low memory killer daemon. By implementing this module, the system gains additional capabilities such as SWAP and adjusts the ZRAM configuration to occupy half of the total RAM capacity. These modifications aim to optimize memory utilization and improve the efficiency of concurrent task execution.

## What is lmkd
The Android low memory killer daemon (lmkd) process monitors the memory state of a running Android system and reacts to high memory pressure by killing the least essential processes to keep the system performing at acceptable levels. These module use latest technique called "PSI monitors" because the vmpressure signals (generated by the kernel for memory pressure detection and used by lmkd) often include numerous false positives, lmkd must perform filtering to determine if the memory is under real pressure. This results in unnecessary lmkd wakeups and the use of additional computational resources. Using PSI monitors results in more accurate memory pressure detection and minimizes filtering overhead.
Details in here https://source.android.com/docs/core/perf/lmkd 

## Features
- Aggressive Mode
    
`Usage: agmode [-OPTION] or OPTIONS...`

MANUAL FOR AGGRESSIVE MODE MEZRAM module 

You have the option to customize the "downgrade_pressure" property for different applications. By assigning different values to this property, you can make the LMKD (low memory killer daemon) more aggressive in freeing up memory, resulting in increased performance, especially for games. The recommended value range for "ro.lmk.downgrade_pressure" is from 0 to 75, with higher values indicating a more aggressive approach in killing unnecessary apps.

- ⚠️==WARNING==⚠️
Although the "downgrade_pressure" value can technically be set as high as 99, it is important to note that going beyond the territory of 80 is highly risky and can potentially disrupt the functioning of your device. Setting the value too high may result in the launcher being terminated, preventing any app from being launched. If you encounter such a problem, you can rectify it by reverting the value back to its original setting through the recovery process. This can be accomplished by modifying the file located at "/data/adb/modules/meZram/system.prop" or just remove and then reinstall this module will resolve the problem.

You can use the following commands/options for managing this feature:

    ```
	-g | --get print current ro.lmk.downgrade_pressure
	--enable-startup enable agmode when startup device
	--disable-startup contrasting --enable-startup
	--stop kill the service
	--add=[app_pkg] [downgrade_pressure] add app to agmode
	--delete [app_pkg] delete app from agmode
	--log [line number] show log using tail. Change line number to show more logs.
	--show showing config
	--help | -h [language] show this help.
		--help id untuk menampilkan bantuan dalam bahasa Indonesia.

	downgrade_pressure=[value] change downgrade_pressure value, and it's will still applied after restart except updating the module you have to reapply the value.
    ```
    
- The introduction of lmkd optimizations aims to provide a smoother user experience.
- The enhanced memory management allows for the concurrent execution of more applications while maintaining performance.
- By reducing memory pressure, particularly in gaming scenarios, there is a potential improvement in gaming performance.
- Advanced users can manually tweak system properties by modifying the /data/adb/modules/meZram/system.prop file and then restarting the system. It is important to exercise caution as these modifications affect low-level system components. In case of any issues, the module can be reinstalled or removed to restore system functionality.
- The ZRAM size can be modified to allocate a different portion of the RAM for compressed memory storage.
- The SWAP size is customizable, enabling adjustment according to specific requirements.
- It is possible to fine-tune the SWAP size up to the total RAM capacity, but this is generally not recommended for general users as it may not provide significant performance benefits. The default 50% allocation is typically sufficient.

## TODO
- How about adding some AI magic? LOL! 😹 Seriously though, things are getting wild! As user demands keep changing, the traditional tweaks just can't keep up. But hey, why not introduce some AI into the mix? Imagine an AI that can adapt to each user's unique needs. Now that's an intriguing idea! But hey, don't mind me, I'm just an rookie myself, and there's still so much for me to learn! 📚

## DEBUG
- Tested on Redmi 10C MIUI 13
- Realme 5 Android 10
